So what are your feelings on Valentine's Day?
I like it.
What do you like about it?
I like treating a guy to a card or giving him some chocolate or something like that.
But I like people who can treat people as well in the same way.
So what was the best Valentine's gift you've ever had?
Off a dog.
A real dog?
Not only a dog.
Oh good.
It's a cuddly toy, is it?
Yeah.
That's a nice one.
Mm-hmm. What's the best thing you've bought for somebody?
I just needed something stupid.
Social workers taught me.
I was in a police at the time.
I was going out with this guy in London and they found out he was...
Has he done something very bad?
Yeah.
Right.
Okay.
If you know...
And the other policeman found out that he'd done something very bad.
No, other policemen.
Myself, social workers.
Right. Okay.
And I was going down to the nearby, there was a nearby Valentine's Day.
Mm-hmm.
And I was going down there, over to London's Day down there.
Right.
And they told me and I thinking, no, wait, I'll see.
So you didn't go in the end?
I didn't go and I dumped him.
Mm-hmm. So is it near miss there?
Yeah.
Right.
So you were gonna go and spend the night in a hotel or his place?
His place.